docs: Add note regarding source-map-support package. (#1509)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/platforms/node/sourcemaps.md

};
```

{% capture __alert_content -%}

> If you want to rely on Sentry's source map resolution, make sure that your code is not using the [source-map-support](https://www.npmjs.com/package/source-map-support) package, as it overwrites the captured stacktrace in a way that makes it impossible for our processors to correctly parse it.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to rely on Sentry's source map resolution, make sure that your code is not using the [source-map-support](https://www.npmjs.com/package/source-map-support) package, as it overwrites the captured stack trace in a way that makes it impossible for our processors to correctly parse it.
```

};
```

{% capture __alert_content -%}

> Make sure that your code is not using [source-map-support](https://www.npmjs.com/package/source-map-support) package if you want to rely on Sentry source maps resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to rely on Sentry's source map resolution, make sure that your code is not using the [source-map-support](https://www.npmjs.com/package/source-map-support) package, as it overwrites the captured stacktrace in a way that makes it impossible for our processors to correctly parse it.
```

> The package is overwriting `stack` property and `Error` object, and we need the original stace traces in order to make source maps work correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
